In the work with the Witcher universe, several conclusions can be drawn. 

The basic network statistics showed that the network is distributed and behaves like a network with preferential attachment e.g. a Barabasi-Albert network. Both the shape of the distributions, the power law analysis and the loglog distributions support this.

From community analysis it is shown that many characters split into groups that are to be expected by someone knowledgeable about the series. The general geographic location or the guild to which characters belong also shows up in communities where mages group with sorcerers and small villages huddle together. The words that define the communites are clearly biased by the fact that most of the data comes from the games, but since the main characters all are in all the types of media present, many of them have meaning and are descriptive.  

The sentiment analysis paints a grim picture overall. It becomes clear that the Witcher universe is a bleak place and most characters Vader compound score is below the negative threshold of 0.05. There are a few points of light though, most notable the bards such as Dandelion and Priscilla whose affinity for love, poetry and the finer things provide a much more positive sentiment. 

The biggest shortcoming of the analysis is the lack of data from the Netflix series. While many of the characters are represented, the scripts from the different episodes could have provided a lot of additional information. The lack of availablity, as mentioned earlier, as well as the structure of the ones that are available would have made it a very cumbersome task to try to map the characters to the existing dataframe. Another interesting thing could be to perform sentiment on the books without character mapping, but as the books are the intellectual property of the author Andrzej Sapkowski one would need to purchase them to obtain them legally which was deemed excessive as there are eight books in the series.